# Vue.js Documentation

## What is Vue.js used for?

Vue.js is a progressive JavaScript framework used to build interactive, single-page user interfaces (SPAs). It offers a flexible and efficient structure for developing web applications.

## Initial Setup

To start working with Vue.js, follow these steps:

1. **Installation:**
   - Use Vue.js CDN:
     ```html
     <script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/vue@2"></script>
     ```
   - Or install via npm:
     ```bash
     npm install vue
     ```

2. **Initialization:**
   - Create a Vue instance in your JavaScript file:
     ```javascript
     const app = new Vue({
       // options
     });
     ```
   - Bind Vue to your HTML:
     ```html
     <div id="app">
       <!-- Content generated by Vue -->
     </div>
     ```
   - Mount the Vue instance:
     ```javascript
     app.$mount('#app');
     ```

## Best Practices

Some recommended practices when working with Vue.js:

- **Componentization:** Divide the interface into reusable components.
- **State Management:** Use Vuex to manage the application's state centrally.
- **Directives and Bindings:** Leverage directives and bindings to manipulate the DOM efficiently.
- **Vue Router:** Implement Vue Router for navigation in single-page applications.
- Use kebab casing for events

[Style guide](https://v2.vuejs.org/v2/style-guide/?redirect=true)
[More best Practices](https://radixweb.com/blog/vuejs-best-practices)

## File Structure

Organizing your files as follows can facilitate development:

``` bash
├── src/
│ ├── components/
│ │ ├── Component1.vue
│ │ ├── Component2.vue
│ │ └── ...
│ ├── views/
│ │ ├── Vista1.vue
│ │ ├── Vista2.vue
│ │ └── ...
│ ├── router/
│ │ └── index.js
│ ├── store/
│ │ └── index.js
│ └── App.vue
└── main.js
```



- **components:** Contains Vue components.
- **views:** Stores main application views.
- **router:** Router configuration.
- **store:** Vuex setup for global state management.
- **App.vue:** Main component containing the basic structure of the application.
- **main.js:** Application entry point where Vue is initialized and plugins are configured.

